# projectEuler
Solving problems from Project Euler website. <br>
All credit for the formulated problems goes to the Project Euler initiative (projecteuler.net).

<br>
<strong><u>Problem #1:</u></strong> <i>Multiples of 3 or 5</i><br>
If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23.
Find the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1000.
<br>
<br>
<b>Problem #2:</b> <i>Even Fibonacci numbers</i> <br>
Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 
1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ... <br>
By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed four million, find the sum of the even-valued terms.
<br>
<br>
<b>Problem #3:</b> <i>Largest prime factor</i> <br>
The prime factors of 13195 are 5, 7, 13 and 29. What is the largest prime factor of the number 600851475143?
<br>
<br>
<b>Problem #4:</b> <i>Largest palindrome product</i> <br>
A palindromic number reads the same both ways. The largest palindrome made from the product of two 2-digit numbers is 9009 = 91 × 99. Find the largest palindrome made from the product of two 3-digit numbers.
<br>
<br>
<b>Problem #5:</b> <i>Smallest multiple</i> <br>
2520 is the smallest number that can be divided by each of the numbers from 1 to 10 without any remainder. What is the smallest positive number that is evenly divisible by all of the numbers from 1 to 20?
<br>
<br>
<b>Problem #6:</b> <i>Sum square difference</i> <br>
The sum of the squares of the first ten natural numbers is: 1<sup>2</sup>+2<sup>2</sup>+...10<sup>2</sup> = 385. <br>
The square of the sum of the first ten natural numbers is: (1+2+...+10)<sup>2</sup>=55<sup>2</sup>=3025. <br>
Hence the difference between the sum of the squares of the first ten natural numbers and the square of the sum is: 3025 - 385 = 2640. <br>
Find the difference between the sum of the squares of the first one hundred natural numbers and the square of the sum.

